>> Brian Holt: So now that we have react,
react dom being loaded, we have our style
coming in, let's go ahead, and
actually, write some react code.
What does React do for us?
What is the fundamental paradigm of React?
The fundamental paradigm of React
is that you make components, right?
And you use those components
to make other components.
Which then you use to
make other components,
which then you use to make applications.
It's just smaller components that get
built up to bigger and bigger components,
until your biggest component
is your entire application.
So you're writing this code, that kind of,
it mimics the markup that you want to show
up on the page, and then, as you kind of
modify the state over time, react changes
the bare minimum amount of the browser
dom to actually achieve your application.
So it ends up being really performant,
because it's minimizing how much
updating your doing to the dom.
So what I wanna do right now,
is I wanna make you a first component for
React, okay?
So we're gonna make one called App.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I'll scroll that up so you can see that.
So const App equals, and
we're gonna make this an arrow function.
>> Brian Holt: This is something
that probably bears mentioning,
you see this little
arrow thing right here?
This is called a font ligature,
this is actually an equal science and
angle bracket next to each other, so if I
put a space between them, you can see it.
But if I put them together,
my font combines them into one thing, so
it's a little bit easier to read.
>> Brian Holt: So that's another cool
thing that VS Code can do for you,
I know Sublime now does it, as well.
The font is called Dank Mono,
it's dank.sh, I think.
This one is 50 bucks, but
it is worth it, I would say.
If you want that one that is
free that does the same thing,
there's one called Fira Code,
which is one that I used for
a long time, looks like that.
So you install that, and then, with
VSCode, you have to enable font ligatures.
The reason why I'm showing you this, is
because, inevitably, afterwards I always
get asked this question,
what's your font, what's your theme?
It's Monaci is the theme, and
font family, Dank Mono, and
here, you have to enable
font ligatures right there.
>> Brian Holt: All right, so in case
you're wondering, that's what the arrow
sign actually is, it's equals, and
the angle bracket next to each other,
one that you'll also see
in here is double equals.
It just makes a really long equal sign,
and if I put three,
it makes one with three lines.
If you see one of those in the future,
I'll try and call them out as I do it.
I like it, cuz it just kinda
combines the things in my mind,
I don't have to think
about three equals signs.
I just see one icon.
And it's pretty.
I think, that's really key part of here,
is that I find it very pretty.
Okay, enough of pretty things [LAUGH].
So we've made an error function here,
this is the same as just writing.
It's really similar to writing something
like this, function like that.
But an error function is
just a little bit shorter.
It's right,
this just a new way of writing JavaScript.